Docs: update API access for new token type (#1958)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/sdks/index.md

- [Rust SDK](https://github.com/unleash/unleash-client-rust)
- [.NET SDK](/sdks/dot_net_sdk)

### Client-side SDKs

> Before using frontend SDKs we recommend setting up [Unleash Proxy](unleash-proxy.md) for security, user privacy and performance reasons.
> 
> :::info Direct connection
> 
> You need at least _Unleash v4.16_ to be able to connect client-side SDK directly to your Unleash instance, without Proxy.<br/> Learn more about [client-side API access](/topics/frontend-api) in our topic guide.
> :::

Reviewer: Actually, we can probably do something like this instead:

```suggestion
Client-side SDKs can connect to the [Unleash Proxy](unleash-proxy.md) or to the [direct access API](../reference/frontend-api.mdx), but _not_ to the regular Unleash client API.
```
